# Liferay Portal Template

This a Liferay JEE example template. It can be used as a good starting point for a liferay project

-----------------------------------------------------------
# Liferay Portal

[Liferay
Portal](http://www.liferay.com/community/liferay-projects/liferay-portal) is an
open source enterprise web platform for building business solutions that deliver
immediate results and long-term value. Liferay Portal started out as a personal
development project in 2000 and was open sourced in 2001.

To get started, check out the project's community homepage at
[http://liferay.org](http://liferay.org)!

## Quick Start

To get up and running quickly, *download* a [pre-built Liferay
release](http://liferay.com/downloads) and follow the [Quick
Start](http://liferay.com/quick-start) instructions. For more detailed
installation instructions, please refer to the [system administrator
guide](https://dev.liferay.com/discover/deployment) on the [Liferay Developer
Network](https://dev.liferay.com).

If you wish to *build* core Liferay or its plugins, read the [CONTRIBUTING
guide](https://github.com/liferay/liferay-portal/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.markdown).
It includes details on using the repositories and building the software.


## The Liferay Development Team

Liferay is produced by the worldwide Liferay engineering team, and involves many
hours of development, testing, writing documentation, and working with the wider
Liferay community of customers, partners, and open source developers. We are
glad you have chosen Liferay, and hope that it meets or exceeds your
expectations!

In addition to Liferay's engineering staff, a special thanks goes to the many
open source developers who volunteere their time and energy to help with the
release, whether it was bugfixing, idea generation, documentation, translations,
or other contribution that helped to improve this release.

## Liferay Portal Community Edition License

This library, *Liferay Portal Community Edition*, is free software ("Licensed
Software"); you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the [GNU
Lesser General Public License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.html) as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; including but not limited to, the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY,
NONINFRINGEMENT, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General
Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the [GNU Lesser General Public
License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.html) along with this library; if
not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
